Merge 2 new JTBD Guides for Auth (#5827)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/lib/auth/emailpassword/q/platform/[platform].mdx

<Callout>

This guide is for those who want to set up Amplify Auth with the Amplify Libraries. If you want to create a sign in and registration experience for your app with a few lines of code we recommend using the [Authenticator component](https://ui.docs.amplify.aws/react/connected-components/authenticator) which provides a customizable UI and complete authentication flows.

</Callout>

Before you begin, you should have finished the [*'Set up and connect backend resources'*](/lib/auth/set_up_auth#set-up-and-connect-backend-resources) guide.

## Decide before you build

Before you enable sign-up, sign-in, and sign-out there are a few decisions you will need to know to complete the process.

<Accordion title='Review the sign-up, sign-in, and sign-out workflow' headingLevel='4' eyebrow='Learn more'>

Below is a high-level overview of the workflows for sign-up, sign-in, and sign-out with Amplify authentication:

> **Sign-up:** The username/password set up will ask your user for a username (or email) and a password. This should also include any attributes you include in your sign-up from such as address, birthdate, phone, etc. When your end-user submits this information, it is then passed through the `Auth.signUp()` method to your Amazon Cognito User Pool, where a user is created. By default, the user will receive a confirmation message via email or SMS, depending on what you configured, but you also have the option to auto confirm your users after they sign up. Users must then enter the confirmation code to complete the sign-up process. Once the user is verified, their user profile is officially confirmed and is active in the Cognito User Pool. The profile contains the username, password, and any other attributes collected during sign-up. This user profile can then be used to sign-in and access your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sign-up:** The username/password set up will ask your user for a username (or email) and a password. This should also include any attributes you include in your sign-up from such as address, birthdate, phone, etc. When your end-user submits this information, it is then passed through the `Auth.signUp()` method to your Amazon Cognito User Pool, where a user is created. By default, the user will receive a confirmation message via email or SMS, depending on what you configured, but you also have the option to auto-confirm your users after they sign up. Users must then enter the confirmation code to complete the sign-up process. Once the user is verified, their user profile is officially confirmed and is active in the Cognito User Pool. The profile contains the username, password, and any other attributes collected during sign-up. This user profile can then be used to sign-in and access your application.
```

```js
import { Auth } from 'aws-amplify';

async function signOut() {
  try {
    await Auth.signOut();
  } catch (error) {
    console.log('error signing out: ', error);
  }
}
```
</Block>
</BlockSwitcher>

You can sign out users from all devices by adding global sign-out. It also invalidates all refresh tokens issued to an user. The user's current access and Id tokens remain valid on other devices until the refresh token expires (access and Id tokens expire one hour after they are issued).

<BlockSwitcher>
<Block name="TypeScript">

```ts
import { Auth } from 'aws-amplify';

export async function signOut() {
  try {
    await Auth.signOut({ global: true });
  } catch (error) {
    console.log('error signing out: ', error);
  }
}
```
</Block>
<Block name="JavaScript">

```js
import { Auth } from 'aws-amplify';

async function signOut() {
  try {
    await Auth.signOut({ global: true });
  } catch (error) {
    console.log('error signing out: ', error);
  }
}
```
</Block>
</BlockSwitcher>

Once you implement the Amplify Library methods within your application, you can test the sign-up, sign-in, and sign-out functionality.

### View the created user in the AWS Console

> After you test the sign-up, sign-in, and sign-out functionality, you can take a look at the created user in the Amazon Cognito console. To do so, you can use `amplify console auth` to open the console directly from the CLI, or take a look at the existing User Pools in the console. Note the users status should be `CONFIRMED` if you successfully verified the user; however, it can be in `unconfirmed` if the user is not yet verified. You can also check to make sure any other required attributes are updating correctly.

Reviewer: Should we have"CONFIRMED" in all caps, but "unconfirmed" lower case?

Author: Good catch - just reviewed and both should be all caps based on how they are listed in Cognito.

Author: ```suggestion
After you test the sign-up, sign-in, and sign-out functionality, you can take a look at the created user in the Amazon Cognito console. To do so, you can use `amplify console auth` to open the console directly from the CLI, or take a look at the existing User Pools in the console. Note the users status should be `CONFIRMED` if you successfully verified the user; however, it can be in `UNCONFIRMED` if the user is not yet verified. You can also check to make sure any other required attributes are updating correctly.
```

You now have enabled sign-up, sign-in, and sign-out for your authentication and verified its functionality with a test user.

## Conclusion

> Congratulations! You finished the **Enable sign-up, sign-in, sign-out** guide. In this guide, you enabled sign-up, sign-in, and sign-out with the Amplify Libraries. You also verified they function as expected.

Reviewer: Seems slightly redundant. Maybe: 

Congratulations! You finished the **Enable sign-up, sign-in, sign-out** guide. You are now able to utilize the associated methods within the Authentication category and have verified they function as expected.

Author: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You finished the **Enable sign-up, sign-in, sign-out** guide and verified the functionality works as expected.
```
